1. In mocha the before, beforeEach, after and afterEach are all hooks that run at different times throughout the testing process. The before runs before ALL the tests in the suite and the after runs after ALL of the tests in the suite are complete. This is typically where we will open and close db connections so that our test database does not persist and take up space. The beforeEach hook runs before EACH test in the suite, so before each describe block, and allows us to do things like add dummy data on the database to test our routes. We save a test instance that we can then use for testing our GET, PUT, and DELETE routes. The afterEach hook runs after EACH test and typically serves the purpose of removing the test data so that we have a fresh, yet consistent piece of data to use in our other tests.

2. Test Driven Development is a development pattern in which you write your tests prior to actually writing any actual code. This allows you to scope in your code so that it performs very specific functions that we expect. If we know the outcome that we are attempting to get to with our code, we can tailor our tests to ensure we are getting that exact functionality because the test is already existing. TDD gives you the ability to know exactly what your code needs to do. This can become incredibly important within large scale applications. We can test individual components of applications independent of having to spin up and entire instance. When there are multiple developers working on a project, being able to test individual components of code can be extremely beneficial to the development and debugging. Personally I don’t feel that this approach is helpful at the moment. A large part of that is that we have not been working with projects of a large enough scale for testing to really make sense in general. With the small projects were are working on, console.log would be just as effective as a testing the components. The technique feels very awkward and its hard to orient myself with direction for a given project.

3. A spy within sinon allows us to mock functions within our tests. We can use them to test specific fucntions under specific conditions to ensure we are getting the desired functionality.